Properly decode savings xDAI deposit/withdrawal transactions in Gnosis (#7414)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :feature:`1574` Interactions with the ygov.finance contract are now decoded.
* :bug:`7276` Fix the issue where Uniswap v3 positions are counted twice for the net worth.
* :bug:`7147` rotki should no longer query price multiple times for the same asset across different chains.

> * :feature:`7399` Transactions involving the SDAI contract at gnosis will now be properly decoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`7399` Transactions involving the Savings xDAI contract at gnosis will now be properly decoded.
```
